Updated AuthorizationPolicies (#5234)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 11/umbraco-cms/reference/routing/umbraco-api-controllers/authorization.md

}
```

> The `AuthorizationPolicies` has [quite a few](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco-CMS/blob/contrib/src/Umbraco.Web.Common/Authorization/AuthorizationPolicies.cs) other options you can set. A example is `UserBelongsToUserGroupInRequest`. Using this policy you can check if the current incoming request of the user is in a specific backoffice usergroup.

Reviewer: A couple of minor adjustments to clean up the vale warning. 

```suggestion
The `AuthorizationPolicies` has a [series of other options](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco-CMS/blob/contrib/src/Umbraco.Web.Common/Authorization/AuthorizationPolicies.cs) you can use. An example is `UserBelongsToUserGroupInRequest`. Using this policy you can check if the current incoming request of the user is in a specific backoffice User Group.
```

}
```

> The `AuthorizationPolicies` has a [series of other options](https://apidocs.umbraco.com/v11/csharp/api/Umbraco.Cms.Web.Common.Authorization.AuthorizationPolicies.html) other options you can set. An example is `UserBelongsToUserGroupInRequest`. By using this policy, you can check if the current incoming request of the user is in a specific backoffice User Group.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `AuthorizationPolicies` has a [series of other options](https://apidocs.umbraco.com/v11/csharp/api/Umbraco.Cms.Web.Common.Authorization.AuthorizationPolicies.html) you can set. An example is `UserBelongsToUserGroupInRequest`. By using this policy, you can check if the current incoming request of the user is in a specific backoffice User Group.
```
